# Group 1 meeting minute nº1 | Sotware Engineering | PL6

<div align="justify">

On the 12th of October 2022 at 9 PM, the first "group 1" meeting was held online through Discord.


## DEBATED TOPICS

1. Clarification of the parts group 1 will be working in, login and quizz creation

2. General check up on the group members about their roles and doubts

## DECISIONS MADE

1. No concrete decisions were made since this meeting was only a team check up.

## PARTICIPANTS

Members of the group who were present on the meeting:

## Group 1

- [x] Nuno Gomes    (PM)

- [x] Duarte Fonte-Santa (D)

- [x] Rodrigo Santos Figueiredo 

- [x] Carlos Jordão 

- [x] Bruno  Sebastião 

- [x] Miguel Sérgio

- [x] Pedro Cardoso 



## DOCUMENT

Author: `Rodrigo Figueiredo`

Information gathering: `Nuno Gomes`

Revision: `Rodrigo Figueiredo`