# Deployment meeting minute nº1 | Software Engineering | PL6 

<div align="justify">

On October 28th at 19h the first "MoelasWare" deployment meeting was held in our internal communication channels.

## DEBATED TOPICS

1. Where to deploy?  
  1.1 For simplicity, the React frontend will be served directly on GitLab Pages.  
  1.2 The backend will be packaged in a Dockerfile and Docker Compose file.  
  1.3 That Docker setup will be run in a Virtual Private Server, owned by Tomás and accessible by all deploy team members.  
  1.4 For the time being, no custom domain will be setup. It will get reconsidered after the application reaches a more stable state.
2. How to deploy?  
  2.1 The frontend will be built and published to GitLab Pages.  
  2.2 An image will be built and put on GitLab's image registry.  
  2.3 There will be a trigger for a remote update on the VPS.  
  2.4 All the above will be achieved through pipeline tasks.  
3. How to manage branches?  
  3.1 Deploy team members assure the consistency of each of their group branches.  
  3.2 They review merge requests and approve them when ready; Tomás will then seal the merge.  
4. Talk to everyone in class about `common.css`, since it seems not everyone got the memo.  

## PARTICIPANTS

## Group 1
  - [x] Duarte Fonte-Santa

## Group 2
  - [x] Tomás Duarte

## Group 3
  - [x] Vasco Gouveia

## Group 4
  - [x] Henrique Lobo

## Group 5
  - [x] Eduardo Nunes
 
## DOCUMENT

Author: `Tomás Duarte`  
Information gathering: `Tomás Duarte`  
Revision: 
