# Frontend Meeting minute nº 1 | Software Engineering | PL6 

<div align="justify">

On the 24th of October, the first "MoelasWare" Frontend meeting was held in our
internal communication channels.


## DEBATED TOPICS

1. Deciding between JS's native Fetch or using Axios to make requests between the Frontend and the API:
- We decided to use Fetch since it's what most of our developers are familiar with and Axios' rich feature set isn't needed.
 
2. How to structure React's Component development:
- Each group will work on building their Components separately, and during integration we'll conform the Components to a single visual style.

3. How to structure our Base Frontend template:
- A `common.css` file will be provided for styling that is common to every component of "Moelasware".
- A root component with a _navbar_ will be included in the base template.

## Tasks Performed
- Set the 4th of November as a deadline for the development of the Frontend.

## PARTICIPANTS

## Group 1
  - [ ] Nuno Gomes
  - [ ] Bruno Sebastião
  - [ ] Pedro Cardoso
  - [ ] Carlos Jordão
  - [ ] Rodrigo Figueiredo

## Group 2
  - [x] Tomás Duarte
  - [x] Sofia Trindade
  - [x] João Leite
  - [x] Daniela Costa
  - [x] Lara Luz
  - [ ] André Colaço

## Group 3
  - [x] João Pino
  - [ ] Vasco Gouveia
  - [ ] Mariana Magueijo
  - [x] Ana Oliveira
  - [ ] Hugo Barros
  - [ ] Carlos Matos

## Group 4
  - [ ] Rafael Ferreira
  - [ ] José Silva 
  - [ ] Henrique Lobo
  - [x] Leonardo Pina
  - [x] Pedro Ascenção
  - [x] Sofia Santos

## Group 5
  - [ ] Miguel Santana
  - [ ] Eduardo Nunes
  - [ ] Afonso Duarte
  - [ ] Mariana Silva
  - [ ] Guilherme Faria
  - [ ] Daniela Lopes
 
## DOCUMENT

Author: João Leite  
Information gathering: João Leite  
Revision: Tomás Duarte
