# Group 4 Meeting minute nº 1 | Software Engineering | PL6 

On 27/10/2022 the first Group 4 meeting was held in a 
voice chat in our internal communication channels.

## WORK DONE

1. Adjustments were made to all the requirements.

## DEBATED TOPICS

1. Backend
2. Frontend
3. Discussion about how the requirements should be updated

## PARTICIPANTS

## Group 4
  - [x] Pedro Ascensão
  - [x] Elena Barrera
  - [x] Henrique Lobo
  - [x] Sofia Santos
  - [ ] José Silva
  - [x] Rafael Ferreira
  - [x] Leonardo Pina
 
## DOCUMENT

Author: Leonardo Pina 

Information gathering: Leonardo Pina

Revision: Pedro Ascensão
