# Group 2 Meeting minute nº 1 | Software Engineering | PL6 

On 19/10/2022 the first Group 2 meeting was held in a 
voice chat in our internal communication channels.

## WORK DONE

1. Assigned work to each member of the group.

## DEBATED TOPICS

1. What the future directory structure would be.
2. How our git workflow would look like.

## PARTICIPANTS

## Group 2
  - [x] Tomás Duarte
  - [x] Sofia Trindade
  - [x] João Leite
  - [x] Daniela Costa
  - [x] Lara Luz
  - [x] André Colaço
 
## DOCUMENT

Author: João Leite 

Information gathering: João Leite

Revision: Tomás Duarte
