
# Meeting minute nº13 | Software Engineering | PL6

<div align="justify">

On the 14th of November 2022 at 11 AM, the seventh "MoelasWare" meeting was held in room E6.2 in Department of Informatics Engineering of University of Coimbra.


## DEBATED TOPICS

1.  State of progress of each group, more specifically implemented features.

2. Analysis and definition of the new use cases

## PARTICIPANTS

Representatives of each group were present at the meeting:

## Group 1

- [x] Nuno Gomes (PM)

- [ ] Duarte Fonte-Santa (D)

## Group 2

- [x] Tomás Duarte (D)

- [x] João Leite (PM)

## Group 3

- [x] João Pino (PM)

- [ ] Vasco Gouveia (D)

## Group 4

- [x] Henrique Lobo (D)

- [x] Pedro Ascenção (PM)

## Group 5

- [ ] Miguel Santana (PM)

- [x] Eduardo Nunes (D)

## DOCUMENT

Author: `Nuno Gomes`

Information gathering: `Nuno Gomes`

Revision: `Tomás Duarte`
