# Meeting minute nº2 | Software Engineering | PL6

<div align="justify">

On the 25th of September 2022 at 7:20 PM, the second "MoelasWare" meeting was held online via Discord.

## DEBATED TOPICS

1. Clarification and final decision on how to name directories, branches and files.

2. Creation of subgroups.

3. Early sketch of the projects architecture.

## DECISIONS MADE
1. Directory names should be lowercase and separated by an underscore.

2. Branches should follow the format `group_X/name/thing`.

3. The three subgroups created are: back-end, front-end and design.

4.  Our early concept consists in dividing the architecture into three parts (which may be changed later on):
  - DB+ORM;
  - API+DTOs;
  - Graphic Design.
 
## PARTICIPANTS

Representatives of each group were present at the meeting:

## Group 1

- [x] Nuno Gomes (PM)

- [x] Duarte Fonte-Santa (D)

## Group 2

- [x] Tomás Duarte (D)

- [x] João Leite (PM)

## Group 3

- [x] João Pino (PM)

- [x] Vasco Gouveia (D)

## Group 4

- [x] Henrique Lobo (D)

- [x] Pedro Ascenção (PM)

## Group 5

- [x] Miguel Santana (PM)

- [x] Eduardo Nunes (D)

## DOCUMENT

Author: `Nuno Gomes`

Information gathering: `Nuno Gomes`

Revision: `Duarte Fonte-Santa`, `João Leite`, `Pedro Ascenção`, `Henrique Lobo`, `Tomás Duarte`
